when I first started working with Linus
in 2011 that dates this whole thing a
little bit I'm a little old I was a
major keyboard fan boy if you check out
this video Linus shows off my old
mineral oil rig a big part of the reason
I got the job
I'm literally working right now in that
video he shows off a customized keyboard
that I had loved actually I still love
it and it's still my daily driver I
recently made a video fixing it which
can be found up here as well since then
however the whole computer hardware
industry has gone absolutely insane over
keyboards the number of new keyboards on
the market is nuts and it's more than a
little bit confusing and overwhelming
for instance newegg.com
has twelve hundred and twenty products
listed under gaming keyboards oh my god
and there's only so many times you can
make a video on a keyboard that has
willed yes Cherry MX switches most
likely in the brown or red variety and
some form of backlighting but just in
case you do happen to miss those I've
got two of them here today the G 610
Orion with Cherry MX brown switches and
the G 610 Orion with cherry MX red
switches or if your tastes are a little
more Japanese than German we have the G
810 Oh Ryan spectrum a fully RGB
keyboard that features Romer G switches
and its little spunky brother the ten
keyless g4 ten Atlas spectrum featuring
full RGB and romaji switches with all of
that out of the way let's check out some
keyboards shall we
let's start with the most interesting
keyboard that would probably be the g8
ten Oh Ryan spectrum back in 2014
lioness made a video about the G 910 and
had a lot to say about the Romer G
switches a lot of his messaging which I
actually completely agree with as him
pointing out things like the shorter
more gaming oriented actuation distance
and the raw performance of the switch
itself both of which are absolutely
awesome he also points out that the
feeling may not quite be as satisfying
as a Cherry MX which due to the mushy
compression feeling of bottoming them
out that last point is something I would
like to address while I completely agree
that they feel mushy to bottom out and
I'm definitely someone who bottoms out
his keys if you force yourself to not
bottom the switches out and just press
them to slightly beyond the actuation
point which is technically as far as you
need to go and is technically the best
way to do it they actually feel pretty
great super responsive sweeper fast
wonderful switches not for me personally
because I slam my fingers down and
bottom out keys like a dummy but if you
can control your key presses better and
half press this may be great for you
the biggest complaint linus had and one
of the biggest complaints the community
as a whole had was their key caps they
did some super weird stuff with those
but as the problem is solved on the g
810 i won't focus on it anymore i'll
just leave it with the problem is solved
how did they do this well they use
standard style key caps that's it
thanks for being humble logitech that
was exactly what people wanted and you
delivered that's all there is to say
besides all that it features 26 key
rollover which should be more than
enough for anyone other than that one
dude who finds it really entertaining to
see how many inputs he can have when he
tries to attempt typing on the keyboard
with his entire butt but it's probably
fine it also features three step angle
adjustment for your varying keyboard
angle and height needs five large rubber
feet on the bottom to keep it from
sliding around some rather controversial
media
roll buttons because they're circles not
squares I personally don't really care
but have seen a number of comments about
them so just be aware of that
my biggest remark on the media Keys is
that they feel actually pretty great to
press their super tactile and responsive
making them feel kind of like the keys
you expect to feel on a receiver which
is kind of cool considering their media
functions the build quality is great
with what must be some form of metal
plate running through the body making it
feel very sturdy and solid and it comes
with the Logitech Gaming software that
you were probably expecting for me to
bring up like right now which allows you
to intricately macro bind different keys
on your keyboard mainly the F keys a
lovely light control which I must say it
looks awesome on these keyboards because
of the romaji light stem it looks very
nice and diffused and whatnot
customizable gaming mode button and a
key press heat map which is actually
super cool I like that kind of stuff the
only thing really lacking from this
keyboard in my opinion is an included
wrist rest most of its competitors have
one it feels a bit lacking in that
department I know the previous wrist
rest wasn't winning a ton of awards
people didn't like the gaming only half
of it really being their style but they
could have included something the G 410
atlas spectrum despite its name is in a
smaller ten keyless package but other
than that is is much of the same it
doesn't seem to contain a metal plate
and feels kind of flimsy and light which
I wasn't a fan of largely again because
I bought him out keys like a dummy so I
don't know if that means much to you the
awesome lighting the romaji switches the
more standardized key caps all of those
were there and it does include a wrist
rest but it's the gaming wrist rest that
the G 9/10 had so you may not be super
interested in that or you will that's
fine too
the other two keyboards both bearing the
name g6 10 Orion are basically the g8 10
but with only backlighting for white
colors cherry brown and cherry red MX
switches respectively and that's about
all there is to say about them which
isn't necessarily a bad thing it's fine
it just kind of feels like eating a taco
versus nachos and seven-layer dip
lots of the same ingredients but
oriented in a slightly different way
creating a different
so there that's the current state of
logitech keyboards hopefully knowledge
on these four gives you a better grasp
on the apparently twelve hundred and
twenty currently available keyboards
Rackspace is a top-tier managed cloud
computing company they have dedicated
storage options to meet your performance
security and network capacity and
compliance needs they're backed by
fanatical support with 24/7 365
whatever you need kind of support
Rackspace is inviting you to their
interactive deep dive sessions they take
an hour every week or two to discuss the
benefits of dedicated solutions and
their place in a cloud world they have
upcoming events and recorded google
hangouts available on topics from
security to compliance to performance
and cost tons of different stuff they
typically do three sessions per month
and they will also provide you with
downloads to things like reference
architectures ebooks and even white
papers on the sessions landing pages
it's live and active participation go
ask your questions and/or interact with
them go check out their upcoming and
past hangouts that have been on topics
such as security and compliance and that
other stuff that we talked about earlier
see details in the video description
down below and check it out
thanks for watching guys if this video
suck you know what to do but if it was
awesome get subscribed hit the like
button or even consider supporting us
using our Amazon affiliate code which is
super awesome buying a cool t-shirt like
this one on like teespring
or whatever following other channels and
tech quickie channel super fun both
absolutely fantastic channels going on
the forum becoming a member at all super
cool great community or becoming a
contributor which is great as well look
you just you know you can just talk or
you can contribute and talk or you can
contribute ooh not talk or you can just
lurk lurkers are great to check out this
video which is the keyboard key cap
maintenance guide that thing has so many
views I which is cool because it took a
long time to make there you go